Add number setting to web_server (#1804)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: web-api/index.rst

Creating a POST request to ``/cover/front_window_blinds/set?position=0.1&tilt=0.3`` will
start moving the blinds towards an almost completely closed position and a new tilt
angle.

Number
******

Numbers can be set to a value within their minimum and maximum range and will return their current value. For example sending

> a GET request to ``/sensor/outside_temperature`` could yield this payload:

Author: ```suggestion
a GET request to ``/number/desired_delay`` could yield this payload:
```
